Adding --tls option to domain create command (#1419)
knative/client: docs/cmd/kn_domain_create.md

```

>   # Create a domain mappings 'hello.example.com' for Knative service 'hello' with TLS secret set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Create a domain mappings 'hello.example.com' for Knative service 'hello' pointing to the secret that holds the server certificate
```

>   kn domain create hello.example.com --ref hello --tls my-tls-secret

Reviewer: could we call `my-tls-secret` --> `my-cert-secret` ? (as TLS is more the overall mechanism that is enabled by this option, but the secret holds the server certificate used during TLS communication, so we can be more specific here)

  -h, --help               help for create
  -n, --namespace string   Specify the namespace to operate in.
      --ref string         Addressable target reference for Domain Mapping. You can specify a Knative service, a Knative route. Examples: '--ref' ksvc:hello' or simply '--ref hello' for a Knative service 'hello', '--ref' kroute:hello' for a Knative route 'hello'. '--ref ksvc:mysvc:mynamespace' for a Knative service 'mysvc' in another namespace 'mynamespace', If a prefix is not provided, it is considered as a Knative service in the current namespace. If referring to a Knative service in another namespace, 'ksvc:name:namespace' combination must be provided explicitly.

>       --tls string         TLS secret name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --tls string         Enable TLS and point to the secret that holds the server certificate.
```
